Rin?
Yes, Da?
Why are you here so early?
I wanted to get an early start.
Don't tell me you've been here
since last night.
And you haven't slept until now.
- That's right.
- You can't.
If you're overworked,
it will take a toll on your health.
You should go home and rest.
I'll take care of everything here.
It's okay.
I'll take a quick nap
and then I'll be able to work.
Okay.
Rung, do you remember me?
Mmm.
Her memory hasn't
completely recovered.
It might take a bit of time.
It's okay. I'll tell you. I'm...
Man?
We first met at a contest.
New Star Fashion Designer?
That's right.
You remember when we first met?
I remember you were very drunk
at the after-party.
And you pole danced on the stage.
There's no need to be so detailed.
What about me? Do you remember me?
Uhh...Joy?
It's Jane!
I'm kidding. Joy is your brother.
By the way, Rung.
Are you going to come back to work
in the fashion industry again?
I remember that you wanted to
have your own brand.
I haven't thought about it.
Let me focus on
physical therapy first.
It's okay. There's no need to rush.
You're Kan's favorite.
You'll get better in no time.
Believe me.
Kan?
You don't remember Kan?
Are you okay, Rung?
I have a mild headache.
Oh, Tan.
This is Jane and Man.
They're my friends.
Hello.
You're much more handsome in person
than I thought you'd be.
With that body,
I'd like to dress you up.
But you're already Rarin's muse.
What a shame.
Not really.
If I have the chance, I hope
to collaborate with you.
You're such a sweetie.
Okay. Enough with the flirting.
We have to get going now.
Take care of yourself.
Bye.
Goodbye.
Are you okay?
I didn't get much sleep last night.
I'll be okay after a nap.
You should take a nap then.
Okay.
Ithijo tahang.
My heart yearns for you.
Our spirits mingle.
Nama hahang. Sathu. Sathu.
Your body is mine.
Your heart is mine.
Take pleasure in my body.
Only fall for me.
Love me. Be obsessed with me.
Rin?
Your suspicion about Sao,
I think it's true.
Her behavior's been very weird,
especially with Tan.
Has she done anything harmful
to Tan or Rung?
I don't think so.
But I don't trust her anymore.
I'm thinking of hiring
a new caretaker.
I'm sorry, Mind.
I caused you trouble.
It's okay. I should thank you.
If you didn't tell me,
I wouldn't have noticed.
It's good
to know now, so we can deal
with the problem in time.
Did you have a fight with Tan?
Uhh...
How do you know?
I can tell it from your face.
You can talk to me about anything.
It's nothing much.
I just feel
that we're distancing ourselves.
Distancing?
Mmm.
Previously, no matter
how far apart we were,
it would feel like we were
still close.
But now,
no matter how close we are,
I feel like we're even further away.
Rin.
It's fine.
I'm probably overthinking.
I understand
the feeling
of distancing
and being out of reach.
Love is so complicated.
Let's forget it
and not talk about it anymore.
We're having fun tonight.
Let's drink until we're drunk.
We're not going home
if we're not drunk.
- Cheers!
Are you up?
Oh, Rung.
Are you okay? You seem strange.
Nothing.
I'm fine.
Is it about Rin?
Is there something else?
Nothing.
It's just...
It's over between me and her.
It's a pre-wedding shoot.
Why is the atmosphere so awful?
It's the rainy season.
Okay, bride and groom.
Stand close to each other.
- Sure.
- Okay.
Alright.
Smile a little, sir.
Big smile.
Oh.
Okay. Put your head down a little.
Sir, put your arms around her.
- Do I have to?
- Yes, it's a pre-wedding shoot.
We want romantic photos.
Okay. Put your cheeks
against each other.
- You've been in love for so long.
- I think it's too close.
What kind of lens are you using?
It's a telephoto lens.
Alright. Give the groom a bouquet.
Sir,
hand the bouquet over to her.
It's a little stiff.
Can you look more lovey-dovey?
Why are there so many
bossy people in my life?
Porsch.
Embrace, smile, and laugh a little.
Or we can cancel today if you want,
as long as you're not afraid of
your dad cutting you off again.
Okay. I was sleepy earlier
but I'm awake now.
- Okay.
- What do you want?
- Get closer.
- Get close.
Okay. Very sweet.
Look at each other.
Mind?
- Mind?
- Hmm? You called?
Is something wrong?
Nothing's wrong.
Why? Do I look strange?
No, we should go.
Hold on, Tan.
Can I come to work too?
Come to work with me?
It's boring staying at home.
Take me out to experience
something new.
Is that a good idea?
Your body is still...
I've gotten much stronger.
Don't worry.
But
I have a photoshoot with Rarin.
I know.
I'll wait in the car.
Are you sure?
Do you remember
when I asked you who you'd choose
between me and Rarin?
I do.
- But I...
- I'm sorry.
I put too big of a burden on you.
I'm sorry.
Rung...
I'd like to move on as well.
But before I can do that,
I have to be sure of myself.
Please let me come with you.
Okay.
But you have to get changed first.
You have to look pretty
when you go out.
Isn't this one pretty?
You can be prettier.
I'm reversing.
Fabulous.
Okay. Very good.
I'll go and get changed.
Wait for me here. I'll be back.
Go on.
I'll wait for your transformation.
Okay.
Look after her.
Tan! What are you doing here?
Come on. You should get dressed
or you'll be late.
Let's go.
You'll get scolded if you're late.
Everyone looks so professional.
Does Tan always work like this?
Not always.
This is Tan's big break.
You've got makeup on
but why haven't you changed?
I'm worried about Rung.
So I dropped by to check up on her.
Aww.
Don't worry. She's with me.
You can trust me.
See? I brought...
Huh?
I forgot her medication.
You forgot her medication?
You said I can trust you.
Sorry!
I'll take a motorcycle taxi
back home right away! Okay?
Stay with Tan. I won't be long.
That's beautiful.
Crop it smaller.
This is Rung, my sister.
She asked to come
and watch me work today.
Okay.
Hello.
I'll try my best not to bother
all of you while you're working.
It's okay, Rung.
You're so lovely.
You're definitely Tan's sister.
Hello, Rung.
Tanthai,
don't worry.
We'll look after her.
- That's right.
- Thank you.
We'll look after her.
Look at the outfit.
You're not going to check my outfit?
Face me.
I'm sorry for bringing Rung over
without telling you first.
She just wanted to see me work.
You can just focus on your work.
Don't worry.
Shoot. Did I forget
to lock the door?
Love me. Be obsessed with me.
Your body is mine.
Your heart is mine.
Take pleasure in my body.
Only fall for me.
Love me. Be obsessed with me.
Your body is mine.
Your heart is mine.
Take pleasure in my body.
Only fall for me.
- Love me. Be obsessed with me.
- What are you doing?
Nothing, Mind!
How is that nothing?
I saw it with my own eyes!
I trusted you!
And what are you doing in my house?
I-I just...
I just love Tanthai.
Love?
Do you call this love?
This is invading his privacy!
Get out and don't come back again,
or I'll call the cops!
No, you can't do that.
Please don't fire me.
Let me stay here.
You dare to ask to stay?
Lucky that Rin warned me.
Her again?
Everything is her fault.
Her fault and her fault only.
What does Rin have to do with this?
I won't forgive her.
Sao!
Hello. I'm Kwan.
I'm going to be
your interviewer today.
- Please relax.
- Okay.
Are you ready?
Okay. We can start recording.
Let's get to the first question.
Rarin, can you explain
the concept of this collection?
It's about human nature.
Because there is both good
and bad in one person.
So I chose green
to symbolize mindfulness and nature.
Because nature is temporary.
As for the design,
it's unisex.
Both women and men can wear it
from head to toe.
That's very interesting.
What about you, Tanthai?
How does it feel to be the muse?
I feel honored.
Rarin is talented
and passionate about fashion.
As the model, I'd like to do my best
to present her outfit.
So that people can see
her devotion.
Rarin, how is it going
with Tanthai? Are you happy?
Very happy.
He's easy to work with.
He's unique
and always ready to improve himself.
Initially,
there was a bit of misunderstanding.
After we got to know each other,
I realized that he's a decent person
and very suitable
to be the prince for our brand.
You're definitely the ideal
designer and model duo.
It's very lovely.
Okay. All done.
All done. I'd like to end
the interview now.
- Thank you very much.
- Thank you.
I'd like to take a photo
of you two together.
Please stand up.
Everyone,
adjust the lighting
and put the chairs away.
Stand close to each other.
A little closer.
Okay.
Okay. I'd like to continue
shooting the collection.
Da, please take care of Tanthai.
- Okay.
- I'm going to the bathroom.
Rung?
Tan's outfit is really beautiful.
I think it really suits him.
I'm sorry.
What about?
Well,
about the outfit that I...
Oh.
It's in the past now.
Initially,
I was very angry with you.
But after I saw you work,
I know that you're talented.
Not really.
I'm still not good enough.
I'm a fellow designer.
I can see your passion.
But my idea...
Hearing the idea through the rain?
Rung,
you know about the voice?
Tan told me everything.
And I think that you didn't mean it.
But I'd like to ask you something
just to be sure.
Are you sure
that you can make Tan happy?
If I get another chance,
I promise
I will make Tanthai happy.
I'm ready to do anything
to make up for my mistake.
I want you to love him sincerely.
You can't make up for anything.
Some say love is like a weapon.
Some say love is like
a protective shield.
If you're going to love Tan,
I want you to love him sincerely.
And not because you want
to make up for something.
Can do you that?
Yes.
I will love
and make Tan happy.
Thank you.
So I can rest assured.
Come on. I'll keep going on my own.
What speed do you prefer?
Make sure you can keep up, Rin.
Rung.
You left without me.
Are we on time?
We are.
- Are you okay?
- Yes.
I think the photos
will turn out great.
- Hello.
- Hello, Kan.
- Promotional photoshoot?
- That's right.
Great.
Oh, you're Rung.
Yes?
You know her?
Of course I do.
Hello, Rung.
Do you remember me?
I...
I don't really remember. I'm sorry.
She used to be a student
at my school.
Really?
I used to be your student?
That's right. And a very
talented one at that.
I still feel that it was a shame.
Really?
Not bad at all.
Thank you.
Excuse me.
What's wrong?
I don't feel well.
Tan, you should take her home.
Okay.
Let's go home, Rung.
I don't know where Mind is.
It's been ages.
- We should go as well.
- Okay.
Rin,
your car is over there.
Oh, right.
I didn't park there.
This way.
Porsch, what are you doing here?
I called but you didn't pick up.
So I just came over.
Am I disturbing you?
No.
Is something the matter?
Are you done with work?
If you are and don't need to
go anywhere else,
I'd like to talk to you.
Please.
I'll get it.
Here's your gyoza.
- Watch out. It's hot.
- Okay.
Eat up.
I have something to tell you.
Mmm?
Uhh... I...
I'm about to get married.
What?
I'm about to marry the woman
my Dad chose for me.
How come?
It's his condition in exchange
for something important.
Don't worry.
I just wanted to tell you
that from this day forward,
I won't be proposing to you anymore.
But you're being forced.
I have no choice.
I have to play along.
One thing that's a shame.
I won't get to wear a tuxedo
that you make for me.
That's all.
The bride's dealing with the rest.
She won't let me get involved.
Can I ask you one thing?
Mmm.
Come to my wedding
as a friend of the groom.
We shook hands on it.
Porsch!
Huh?
Tan!
Where have you been?
I called you so many times.
Why didn't you answer?
Where's Rin? Huh?
We just parted ways.
What's the matter?
It's Sao.
She's a stalker.
She's the one who kidnapped Rin.
Sao did that?
I saw her at our house.
She told me
that everything is Rin's fault.
I don't know what that means
but I'm scared that
Rin might be in danger.
Tan, you should go and see Rin.
We can catch a taxi home.
- But...
- This is a big deal.
Rin will be safer with you.
Okay.
I think it's about to rain.
Huh?
My phone.
Jeez, Da probably has it.
I'll give you a lift.
What are you doing here?
I want your power.
Give it to me.
What power?
Don't pretend like you don't know.
The power you use
to communicate with Tanthai.
Give it to me.
I can't.
I knew that you'd say no.
It's not that.
Tanthai and I
can't communicate anymore.
The power's gone.
Don't lie to me!
I didn't!
We can't hear each
other's voices anymore.
Then,
I'm going to destroy
everything that's yours.
Because you've taken
everything from me.
Wait.
Hey, wait!
Don't.
Don't!
Rin!
Rin! Are you okay?
Come on.
Watch out, Rin.
Careful. Careful.
Tan...
- Rin, are you hurt?
- Are you okay, Tan?
- Are you sure you're okay?
- Tan.
Tan,
what should I do
to make you love me?
I don't have feelings for you, Sao.
It must be because of that power.
That's why you're still
bonded to her.
I'd like to know
if I had that power,
will you love me like you love her?
Our power has been gone for ages.
Even without it, I still love her.
What about me?
I love you too, Tanthai.
I understand your feelings, Sao.
But I can't accept it. I'm sorry.
Rin, is there a fire extinguisher?
There is. It's inside.
I'll put out the fire.
Call the fire department.
Wait here.
Tan, be careful!
You don't love me?
Hello, is this the fire department?
Yes, It's Petchaburi 38/1.
Please hurry.
I don't want to live anymore.
What are you doing? Stop!
Hey!
I want to die. So?
- Sao.
- There's nothing left for me.
Sao, calm down!
Have you gone insane?
Why do you want to die?
It's none of your business!
Of course.
You've got everything
because of that stupid power!
You can say anything!
You're a cheater!
You didn't even have to try
as much as I did.
But you got him!
How do you know that I didn't try?
With or without the power,
it isn't easy
between me and Tanthai!
You don't know
how many times I've been hurt
because of our love!
But guess what?
I'm happy to be hurt.
And I never ask for Tanthai
to be responsible for my feelings.
I really love Tanthai as well.
I know.
But you have to understand
that love has to be
in exchange for love
and not life.
Your life is worth something, Sao.
Porsch disappeared from home.
I get to live far away,
do things myself,
and I'm going to be proud of it.
I know Porsch doesn't
want to get married.
Porsch,
let's go.
We've escaped this far,
and you're still overthinking?
We've been told to take him home.
Run!
We won't be able to escape reality.